the cell of an airplane is composed of
four different parts the fuselage
wings
empennage
and the landing gear
the fuselage is used to carry the load
useful to the aircraft so that's where that is
placed the cockpit
its structure made of frames and iss
is covered by a coating of
plywood or aluminum
if she is not in you
it ensures lift this phenomenon
is due to the formation of an overpressure
below and a depression above
of the ale the overpressure represents 25%
of lift and depression 75% to
the front of the board attacks
and at the back the trailing edge
the killer amp and the part of the ale
attached to the fuselage while the salmon
corresponds to its end the top of
the ale is called extrados and the underside
intrade where each one is constituted
of a langeron connected to the fuselage and
several ribs like the fuselage
it can be covered with
aluminum plywood or canvas and
the wings can be mounted to
different heights so we find
lower wings of the middle wings and
high wings an aircraft with a
only pair of them is a monoplane a
device possessing two lose it
so will be called biplane the wings
can adopt different profiles by
convex symmetric by convex
dissymmetry hollow convex plane
or double curvature depending on the type
aircraft to which they are
for
and they can have an elongation
low moderate or high wings to a
low elongation confers a more
great maneuverability to the device and are
better adapted to the supersonic flight
wings at a high elongation are
mainly ride on gliders
the rope and the line connecting the center
of curvature of the board attack and the edge
of profile leakage so it varies in
according to the type of it we find
wing wings constant wings
elliptical wings and nets and
trapezoidal wings the angle of arrows
corresponds to the angle formed by the ale and
the transverse axis of the fuselage
we find wings right in arrow in
inverted arrow with variable geometry and
delta wings to be there and the angle
formed by the plane of each wing and the
horizontal plane
it can be negative positive negative or
compose there are also wings
seagulls and less is reversed
the empennage is a set of plans
fixed and mobile which ensures stability
of the aircraft around the pitch axes
is lassay it can be classic
cruciform haunt in v multi drift
Bouby Beam
the plane can be represented in the
reference trihedral formed by the x axis
lax is there access lakes 6 corresponds
at the longitudinal axis or roll axes
lax y equals the transverse axis or
pitch axes the z axis and the weary kz2
the fins are placed at the end
wings and commanded by the handle their
asymmetrical movement allow to
change the inclination of the plane on the
kz2 roll the rudder
is on the horizontal plane
of the empennage on an aircraft endowed with a
duck plane so it will be at
the front of the fuselage
it is also controlled by the handle
and allows to modify the base of
the device on the kz2 pitching the
rudder is placed on the
drift it is controlled by the rudder
and allows to change the angle of these
each of the control surfaces can be equipped
of a compensator these small surfaces
movers placed on their trailing edge
serve to keep them in a
position ensuring the balanced of the plane
the depth compensator allow
also to cancel the felt effort
in the neck during takeoff
high lift devices
increase the lift of
wings at low speeds
we distinguish the shutters located on the
trailing edge and the beaks placed on the
leading edge the shutters is on
the inner part of the ale between the
fuselage and fins
there are different types
shutters date raft the shutters of
curvature curvature shutters
face the shutters of the type fohrer the
attacking beaks increases the
camber and the surface of the ale and
delays the detachment of air streams
by slit effect they can be
automatic fixed or order
there are three types
landing gear the very classic
which is composed of a main train and
of a roulette that the tricycle train
which includes a main feature and a
train before the single-spoke train that gets
consists of an hour or principal of a
roulette of tail and two balancine
fixed under each wing the roulette of
tail and the front gear are
usually coupled to the rudder for
make the train easier
landing can be fixed or
retractable
in this case they fall back into
housings located in the fuselage in
wings
or in the pods